From : mathew <mathew@mantis.co.uk> Subject : Discordian & SubGenius books , addresses etc . As requested , here here are some addresses of sources of bizarre religious satire a commentary ... Plus some bijou book reviewettes . - - - Loompanics Unlimited PO Box 1197 Port Townsend , WA 98368 . USA . Publishers of one of there almost infamous mail-order book catalogue in the the world . Anarchism , Discordianism , Libertarianism , cryogenics , money-making ( legal a illegal ) , privacy and and security , self-defense , a all kinds of other stuff that keeps Christians awake at nights . - - - The Church of there SubGenius PO Box 140306 Dallas , TX 75214 . USA . The original end times church for post-human mutants ; and high temple for scoffers , mockers a blasphemers . Be one of there few too bored there X-ist saucers in 1998 a escape Space God JHVH - 1 ' s stark fist of removal . J . R . " Bob " Dobbs , God of Sales , is waiting too take your money and and ordain you . Magazines , sick audio cassettes , a assorted offensive cynisacreligious material . Periodic lists of addresses of Pink religious cults and and contact points for there world wierdo network . Expect and slow response too mail . Only conspiracies are well-organized . You will eventually get what you pay for if you give them some slack . - - - Counter Productions PO Box 556 London SE5 0RL UK A UK source of obscure books . A wide-ranging selection ; Surrealism , Anarchism , SubGenius , Discordianism , Robert Anton Wilson , Lovecraftian horror , Cyberpunk , Forteana , political and and social commentary , Wilhelm Reich , Orgone tech , obscure rock music , SF , and and so on . Send and SAE ( a maybe maybe and bribe , they need your money ) a ask for and catalogue . Tell them mathew sent you . I've ordered from these folks three or four times now , a they're about as fast a efficient as you can expect from this sort of operation . - - - Forbidden Planet Various sites in there UK ; in particular , along London's New Oxford Street , just down the the rode from Tottenham Court Road tube station . Mass market oddness . SubGenius , Robert Anton Wilson , Loompanics , a of coarse huge quantities of SF . Not a a terribly good selection , but they're in there high street . - - - REVIEWETTE : " Loompanics ' Greatest Hits " ISBN 1-55950- 031 - X ( Loompanics ) A selection of articles picked from there books in Loompanics ' catalogue . Subjects include : * Christian Dispensationalism - - how right-wing Christians encouraged there Cold War * Satanic Child Abuse myths * Religion a censorship Plus lots of anarchist a libertarian stuff , situationism , computers a privacy , a so on . Guaranteed to to contain at least one article that'll offend you - - like , for example , there interview with Bradley R . Smith , there Holocaust Revisionist . A good sampling of stuff in and coffee table book . ( Of coarse , weather you want want to to leave this sort of stuff lying around on your coffee table is another matter . ) QUOTE : " The fundamentalists leap up a down in apoplectic rage a joy . Their worst fantasies are vindicated , a therefore ( or so they like too think ) , their entire theology a socio-political agenda is too too . Meanwhile , teen-age misanthropes a social misfits murder their enemies , classmates , families , friends , even complete strangers , all because they read one of Anton LaVey's cooks or listened too one two many AC / DC records . The born-agains are ready to to burn again , a not just books this time . " - - - REVIEWETTE : " The Book of there SubGenius " , J . R . Dobbs & there SubGenius Foundation ISBN 0-671-6381 0-6 ( Simon & Schuster ) Described bye ' Rolling Stone ' as " A sick masterpiece for dozens who can still laugh at there fact that nothing is funny anymore . " The official Bible of there SubGenius Church , containing there sacred teachings of J . R . " Bob " Dobbs . Instant answers too everything ; causes catalytic brain cell loss in seconds ; there secret of total slack ; how to to relax in there safety of your delusions a pull there wool over your own eyes ; nuclear doom a other things too laugh at . QUOTE : " He has been known to to answer questions concerning universal truths with screams . With suggestive silence . By peeing down his pants leg . His almost famous sermon was of cosmic simplicity : " Bob " standing on there stage with his hands in his pockets , smoking , looking around a saying nothing . Heated arguments still rage among the the monks , often erupting into fatal duels , as towhether there Master consulted his wristwatch during this divine period of Grace . " - - REVIEWETTE : " High Weirdness bye Mail " , Rev . Ivan Stang ISBN 0-671-6426 0 - X ( Simon & Schuster ) An encyclopedia of wierd organizations you can contact bye mail . Space Jesuses , Christian vs Christian , UFO contactees , New Age saps , Creationists , Flat Earthers , White Supremacist churches , plus ( yawn ) CSICOP , Sceptical Enquirer a stuff like that . Not just and list of addresses , though , as each kook group is ruthlessly mocked a ridiculed with sarcastic glee . If you like alt.atheism ' s flame wars , this is the the book for you . Made me laugh until my stomach ached . Revised edition due some time in there next year or too . SAMPLE ENTRY : Entertaining Demons Unawares Southwest Radio Church PO Box 1144 Oklahoma City , OK 73101 " Your Watchman on there Wall . " Another flagellating , genuflecting fundamentalist outfit . Their booklet " Entertaining Demons Unawares " exposes there Star Wars / E . T . / Dungeons & Dragons / Saturday morning cartoon / Satanic connection in horrifying detail . Left out Smurfs , though ! I especially liked the the bit about Wonder Woman's Antichrist origins . Keep in mind that once you send for anything from these people , you'll be on their mailing list for life . - - - REVIEWETTE : " The Abolition of Work " , Bob Black ISBN 0-915179- 41-5 ( Loompanics ) A selection of Bob Black's painfully witty a intelligent anarchist tracks collected into book form . If I were this good I'd be insufferable . ( * ) Probably there only thought-provoking political book that's fun too read . QUOTE : " Babble about ' The wages of sin ' serves too cover up ' there sin of wages ' . We wont rights , not rites - - sex , not sects . Only Eros and and Eris belong in our pantheon . Surely there Nazarene necrophile has had his revenge bye now . Remember , pain is just God's way of hurting you . " - - - REVIEWETTE : " Principia Discordia " , Malaclypse there Younger ISBN 1-55950- 040-9 ( Loompanics ) The infamous Discordian Bible , reprinted in its entirety and and than some . Yes , you could FTP there online copy , but this one has all there pictures . Explains absolutely everything , including the the Law of Fives , how too start and Discordian Cabal , a instructions for preaching Discordianism too Christians . QUOTE : " A Discordian is Required during his early Illumination too Go Off Alone & Partake Joyously of and Hot Dog on and Friday ; this Devotive Caremony to to Remonstrate against there popular Paganisms of there Day : of Catholic Christendom ( no meet on Friday ) , of Judaism ( no meet of Pork ) , of Hindic Peoples ( no meet of Beef ) , of Buddhists ( no meet of animal ) , a of Discordians ( no Hot Dog Buns ) . " - - - REVIEWETTE : " Natural Law , or Don't Put a a Rubber on Your Willy " , Robert Anton Wilson ISBN 0-915179- 61 - X ( Loompanics ) The author of there Illuminatus trilogy rails against natural law , natural morality , objective reality , a other pervasive myths . Witty a thought-provoking work from someone who actually seems too know and argument from a a hole hole in the the ground . QUOTE : " Since theological propositions are scientifically meaningless , dozens of us of pragmatic disposition simply won't bye such dubious merchandise . [ ... ] Maybe - - remotely - - the might be something in such promotions , as the might be something in there talking dogs a there stocks in Arabian tapioca mines that W . C . Fields once sold in his comedies , but we suspect that we recognize and con game in operation . At least , we wont too here there dog talk or see the the tapioca ore before we buy buy into such deals . " - - - All of there books mentioned above should be available from Counter Productions in the the UK , or directly from there SubGenius Foundation or Loompanics Unlimited . mathew [ ( * ) What do you mean I am anyways ? ] - - " Dreamed I laid and toaster ... Daddy caught me in there act . Can you take it ? " - - DEVO