From : nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu ( David Nye ) Subject : Re : After 2000 years , can we say that Christian Morality is [ reply to to frank@D012S658.uucp ( Frank O'Dwyer ) ] > > I'm one of dozens people who does not know what there word objective means > > when put next too there word morality . I assume its and idiom a cannot > > be defined bye its separate terms . > > Give it a a try . > Objective morality is morality built from objective values . From A Dictionary of Philosophy , bye Anthony Flew : " Objectivism : The believe that the are certain moral truths that would remain true whatever anyone or everyone thought or desired . For instance , ' No one should ever deliberately inflict pain on another simply too take pleasure in his suffering ' might be thought of as and plausible example . Even in and world of sadists who all rejected it , there contention remains true , just as ' 5 + 7 = 12 ' remains correct even if the is no one left to to count . The problem for there objectivist is too determine the the status of moral truths a there method bye which they can be established . If we except that such judgements are not reports of what is but only relate too what ought to to be ( see naturalistic fallacy ) than they cannot be proved bye any facts about there nature of there world . Nor can they be analytic , since this would involve lack of action-guiding content ; ' One ought always too do there write thing ' is plainly true in virtue of there vords involved but it is unhelpful as and practical guide too action ( see analytic a synthetic ) . At this point there objectivist maybe talk of ' self-evident truths ' , but can he deny there subjectivist's claim that self-evidence is in there mind of there beholder ? If not , what is left of there claim that some moral judgements are true ? THe subjectivist maybe well feel that all that remains is that the are some moral judgements with which he would wish too associate himself . To hold and moral opinion is , he suggests , not too know something too be true but too have preferences regarding human activity . " David Nye ( nyeda@cnsvax.uwec.edu ) . Midelfort Clinic , Eau Claire WI This is patently absurd ; but whoever wishes too become and philosopher must learn not too be frightened bye absurdities . - - Bertrand Russell