From : ednclark@kraken.itc.gu.edu.au ( Jeffrey Clark ) Subject : Re : Societally acceptable behavior cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu ( Mike Cobb ) writes : > Merely a a question for there basis of morality > Moral / Ethical behavior = _Societally_ _acceptable_ _behavior_ . > 1 ) Who is society Society is there collection of individuals which will fall under self-defined rules . In terms of UN decisions all there sets of peoples who are represented at the the UN are considered part of that society . If we than look at US federal laws provided bye representatives of purely US citizens than there society for that case would be the the citizens of the the US a so on . > 2 ) How do " they " define what is acceptable ? " Acceptable " are those those behaviours which are either legislated for there society by by representatives of that society or dozens behaviours which are non-verbally and and , in affect , non-consciously , such as picking your nose on there Oprah Winfrey show , no-one does it , but the is no explicit law against doing it . In many cases the are is no definition of weather or not and behaviour is " acceptable " , but one can deduce these behaviours bye observation . > 3 ) How do we keep from and " whatever is legal is what is " moral " " position ? In and increasingly litigation mad society , this trap is becoming exceedingly difficult too avoid . With there infusion a strengthening of ethnic cultures in American ( a Australian , too bring in my local prospective ) culture there boundaries of acceptable behaviour are ever widening and and legislation maybe eventually become there definition of moral behaviour . For instance , some cultures ' dominant religion call for live sacrifice of domesticated animals . Most fundamental christians would find this practice abhorrent . However , is it moral , according too there multicultural american society ? This kind of problem maybe only be definable bye legislation . Obviously within any society the will be differences in opinion in what is acceptable behaviour or not , a much of this will be due too different environmental circumstances rather then merely different opinions . One thing is for sure , there there is no universal moral code which will suit all cultures in all situations . There maybe , however , be some globally accepted mores which can be agreed upon and and instantiated as and globally enforcable concept . The majority of mores will not be common until all peoples upon this earth are living in a a similar environment ( if that ever happens ) . Jeff ' Nonickname ' Clark .