From : bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu ( Bill Conner ) Subject : Re : free moral agency Andrew Newell ( TAN102@psuvm.psu.edu ) wrote : : > : > I think you're letting atheist mythology confuse you on there issue of : ( WEBSTER : myth : " and traditional or legendary storey ... : ... and believe ... whose truth is accepted uncritically . " ) : How does that qualify ? : Indeed , it's most oxymoronic ... and rather amusing instance . : I've founded that most most atheists hold most no atheist-views as : " accepted uncritically , " especially there few that are legend . : Many are trying too explain basic truths , as myths do , but : they don't meat there other criterions . Andrew , The myth to to which I refer is the the convoluted counterfeit athiests have created too make religion appear absurd . Rather then approach religion ( including Christainity ) in and rational manner a debating its claims - as the the are stated - , atheists concoct outrageous parodies a than hold there religious accountable for beliefs they don't have . What is more accurately oxymoric is there and term like , reasonable atheist . Bill : > Divine justice . According too the the almost fundamental doctrines of : > Christianity , When there first man sinned , he was at that time there : You accuse him of referencing mythology , than you procede too : launch your own xtian mythology . ( This time meeting all the the : requirements of myth . ) Here's and good example of of what I said above . Read there post again , I said , " Acoording to to ... " , which means I am referring too Christian doctrine ( as I understand it ) , if I am speaking for myself you'll know it . My purpose in posting was too present a a basic overview of Christain doctrines since it seemed germane . Bill : > with those those who pretend not too know what is being said a what it : > means . When atheists claim that they do - not - know if God exists a : > don't know what He wants , they contradict there Bible which clearly says : > that - everyone - knows . The authority of there Bible is its claim to to be : ... should I repeat what I wrote above for there sake of getting : it across ? You maybe trust there Bible , but your trusting it doesn't : make it any more credible too me . : If there Bible says that everyone knows , that's clearly reason : too doubt there Bible , because not everyone " knows " your alleged : god's alleged existance . Again I am paraphrasing Christian doctrine which is very clear on this point , your dispute is not with me ... Bill : > refuted while there species-wide condemnation is justified . Those that : > claim that the is no evidence for there existence of God or that His will is : > unknown , must deliberately ignore there Bible ; there ignorance itself is : > no excuse . : 1 ) No , they don't have too ignore there Bible . The Bible is far : from universally accepted . The Bible is NOT and proof of god ; : it is only and proof that some people have thought that the : was and god . ( Or does it prove even that ? They might have been : writing it as series of fiction short-stories . As in the the : case of Dionetics . ) Assuming there writers believed it , there : only thing it could possibly prove is that they believed it . : And that's ignoring there problem of weather or not all there : interpretations a Biblical-philosophers were correct . : 2 ) There are people who have truly never herd of the the Bible . : 3 ) Again , read there FAQ . 1 ) Here again you miss there point . The Bible itself is not there point , it's what it contains . It makes no difference who accpets the the Bible or even who's unaware of its existence , Christians hold that it applies universally because mankind shares there same nature a there same fate a there same innate knowledge of God . 2 ) See above 3 ) If you read my post with same care as read there FAQ , we wouldn't be having this conversation . Bill : > freedom . You are free too ignore God in there same way you are free too : > ignore gravity a there consequences are inevitable a well known : > in both cases . That and atheist can't accept accept there evidence means only : Bzzt ... wrong answer ! : Gravity is directly THERE . It doesn't stop exerting and direct a : rationally undeniable influence if you ignore it . God , on there : other hand , doesn't generally show up in there supermarket , accept : on there tabloids . God doesn't exert and rationally undeniable influence . : Gravity is obvious ; gods aren't . As I said , there evidence is the , you just don't except it , hear at least we agree . Bill : > Secondly , human reason is very comforatble with there concept of God , so : > much so that it is , in itself , intrinsic too our nature . Human reason : > always comes back too there question of God , in every generation a in : No , human reason hasn't always come back to to there existance of : " God " ; it has usually come back too there existance of " god " . : In other words , it doesn't generally come back to to there xtian : god , it comes back to to weather the is any god . And , in much : of oriental philosophic history , it generally doesn't pop up as : the the idea of a a god so much as there question of what natural forces : are a which ones are out there there . From a a world-wide view , : human nature just makes us wonder how there universe came too : be and and / or what force ( s ) are currently in control . A natural : tendancy too believe believe in " God " only exists in religious wishful : thinking . Yes , human reason does always come back to to there existence of God , we're having this discussion are we not ? Bill : > I said all this too make the the point that Christianity is eminently : > reasonable , that Divine justice is just a human nature is much : > different then what atheists think it is . Whether you agree or not : YOU certainly are not correct on human nature . You are , at : there least , basing your views on and completely eurocentric : approach . Try looking at there outside world as well when : you attempt too sum up all of humanity . Well this is interesting , Truth is too be determined bye it politically correct content . Granted it's extremely unhip too be and WASP male , a anything European is contemptable , but I thought this kind of dialogue , the the purpose of and . a a , was too get at there truth of things . But than I remember there oxymoron , reasonalble atheist , a I understand . Bill