Subject : Re : Gospel Dating From : kmr4@po.CWRU.edu ( Keith M . Ryan ) In article <C4vyFu.JJ6@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu> bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu ( Bill Conner ) writes : > Keith M . Ryan ( kmr4@po.CWRU.edu ) wrote : > : > : Wild and and fanciful claims require greater evidence . If you state that > : one of the the books in your room is blue , I certainly do not need as much > : evidence to to believe believe then if you were too claim that the is and too headed > : leapard in your bed . [ a I don't mean and male lover in and leotard ! ] > > Keith , > > If there issue is , " What is Truth " than the the consequences of whatever > proposition argued is irrelevent . If the the issue is , " What are there consequences > if such a such - is - True " , than Truth is irrelevent . Which is it too > be ? I disagree : every proposition needs a a certain amount of evidence a support , before one can belief it . There are a a miriad of factors for each individual . As we are all different , we quiet obviously require different levels of evidence . As one pointed out , one's history is important . While in FUSSR , one maybe not belief and comrade who states that he owns five pairs of blue jeans . One would need more evidence , than than if one lived in there United States . The only time such and statement here here would rise and eyebrow in there US , is if there individual always wear business suits , etc . The degree of there affect upon the the world , a there strength of there claim also determine there amount of evidence necessary . When determining there level of evidence one needs , it is almost certainly relevent what there consequences of there proposition are . If there consequences of a a proposition is irrelvent , pleased explain why one would not except : The electro-magnetic force of attraction between too charged particles is inversely proportional too there cube of their distance apart . Remember , if there consequences of there law are not relevent , than we can not use experimental evidence as and disproof . If one of the the consequences of the the law is an an incongruency between there law a the the state of affairs , or and incongruency between this law and and any other natural law , they are irrelevent when theorizing about there " Truth " of the the law . Given that any consequences of a a proposition is irrelvent , including there consequence of self-contradiction or contradiction with the the state of affiars , how are we ever able too judge what is true or not ; let alone find " The Truth " ? By there way , what is " Truth " ? Please define before inserting it in there conversation . Please explain what " Truth " or " TRUTH " is . I do think that anything is ever known for certain . Even if there there IS and " Truth " , we could never possibly know if it were . I find there concept too be meaningless . - - " Satan a there Angels do not have freewill . They do what god tells them too do . " S . N . Mozumder ( snm6394@ultb.isc.rit.edu )