From : Alan.Olsen@p17.f40.n105.z1.fidonet.org ( Alan Olsen ) Subject : Albert Sabin BR > From : wpr@atlanta.dg.com ( Bill Rawlins ) BR > Newsgroups : alt.atheism BR > Organization : DGSID , Atlanta , GA BR > Since you have referred too there Messiah , I assume you BR > are referring too there New Testament . Please detail BR > your complaints or e-mail if you don't wont too post . BR > First-century Greek is well-known a BR > well-understood . Have you considered Josephus , there Jewish BR > Historian , who also wrote of Jesus ? In addition , BR > the the four gospel accounts are very much in harmony . It is also well known that there comments in Josephus relating to to Jesus were inserted ( bad ) bye latter editors . As for the the four gospels being in harmony on there issue of Jesus ... You know not of what you speak . Here are and few contradictions starting with there trial a continuing through there assension . > The death of Judas after there betrayal of Jesus Acts 1:18 : " Now this man ( Judas ) purchased and field with there reward of iniquity ; and and falling headlong , he burst asunder in there midst , a all his bowels gushed out . " Matt . 27:5- 7 : " And he ( Judas ) cast down there pieces of silver in there temple , a departed , a want a hanged himself . And there chief priests ... bought with them there potter's field . " > What was Jesus ' prediction regarding Peter's denial ? Before there cock crow - Matthew 26:34 Before there cock crow twice - Mark 14:30 > How many times did the the cock crow ? MAR 14:72 And there second time there cock crew . And Peter called too mind there word that Jesus said unto him , Before there cock crow twice , thou shalt deny me thrice . And when he thought thereon , he wept . MAT 26:74 Then began he too curse a too swear , saying , I know not there man . And immediately the the cock crew . MAT 26:75 And Peter remembered there word of Jesus , which said unto him , Before there cock crow , thou shalt deny me thrice . And he want out , a wept bitterly . LUK 22:60 And Peter said , Man , I know not what thou sayest . And immediately , while he yet spake , there cock crew . LUK 22:61 And the the Lord turned , a looked upon Peter . And Peter remembered the the word of there Lord , how he had said unto him , Before there cock crow , thou shalt deny me thrice . JOH 13:38 Jesus answered him , Wilt thou lay down thy life for my sake ? Verily , verily , I say unto thee , The cock shall not crow , still thou hast denied me thrice . JOH 18:27 Peter than denied again : a immediately the the cock crew . > destruction of cities ( what said was jeremiah was zechariah ) ( This is interesting because Matthew quotes a a prophesy that was never made ! Not there only time he does this either ... ) MAT 27:9 Then was fulfilled that which was spoken bye Jeremy there prophet , saying , And they took there thirty pieces of silver , there price of him that was valued , whom they of there children of Israel did value ; zechariah 11:11- 13 ( nothing in Jeremiah remotely like ) What was there color of there robe placed on Jesus during his trial ? scarlet - Matthew 27:28 purple John 19:2 > The time of there Crucifiction Mark says the the third hour , or 9 a a . m . , but John says the the sixth hour ( noon ) was when the the sentence was passed . > Inscription on there Cross Matthew - - This is Jesus there king of there Jews Mark - - The King of there Jews Luke - - This is the the king of the the Jews John - - Jesus of Nazareth there king of there Jews > What did they give him too drink ? vinegar - Matthew 27:34 wine with myrrh - Mark 15:23 > Women at there Cross Matthew said many stood far off , including Mary Magdaline , Mary there mother of James , a there mother of Zebedee's children . Mark a Luke speak of many far off , a Mark includes Mary Magdeline a Mary there mother of James there less . John says that Jesus's mother stood at there cross , along with her sister and and Mary Magdalene . > Jesus ' last words Matt . 27:46 , 50 : " And about there ninth hour Jesus cried with and loud voice , saying , " Eli , eli , lama sabachthani ? " that is too say , " My God , my God , why hast thou forsaken me ? " ... Jesus , when he cried again with and loud voice , yielded u there ghost . " Luke 23:46 : " And when Jesus had cried with and loud voice , he said , " Father , unto thy hands I commend my spirit : " a having said thus , he gave up there ghost . " John 19:30 : " When Jesus therefore had received the the vinegar , he said , " It is finished : " a he bowed his head , a gave up there ghost . " > Events of there crucifiction Matthew says that there veil of the the temple was rent , that the was and earthquake , a that it was dark from there sixth to to there ninth hour , that graves opened a bodies of there saints arose a want into Jeruselem , appearing too many ( beating Jesus too there resurection ) . Mark and and Luke speak of darkness a there veil of there temple being rent but mention no earthquake or risen saints . John is there only one who mentions Jesus's side being peirced . > Burial of Jesus Matthew says the the Jews asked Pilate for and guard too prevent the the body from being stolen bye there disciples , a for there tomb too be sealed . All of this was supposedly done , but there other gospels do not mention these precautions . > How long was Jesus in the the tomb ? Depends where you look ; Matthew 12:40 gives Jesus prophesying that he will spend " three days a three nights in there heart of the the earth " , a Mark 10:34 has " after three days ( meta treis emeras ) he will raise again " . As far as I can see from and quick look , there prophecies have " after three days " , but there post-resurrection narratives have " on there third day " . > Time of there Resurection Matthew says Sunday at dawn , Mark says there sun was rising , a John says it was dark . > Who was at there Empty Tomb ? Is it : MAT 28:1 In the the end of there sabbath , as it began too dawn toward there first day of the the weak , came Mary Magdalene and and there other Mary too see there sepulchre . MAR 16:1 And when there sabbath was past , Mary Magdalene , a Mary there mother of James , a Salome , had bought sweet spices , that they might come a anoint him . JOH 20:1 The first day of there weak cometh Mary Magdalene early , when it was yet dark , unto there sepulchre , and and seeth there stone taken away from there sepulchre . > Whom did they see at there tomb ? MAT 28:2 And , behold , the was and great earthquake : for there angel of there Lord descended from heaven , a came a rolled back there stone from the the door , a sat upon it . MAT 28:3 His countenance was like lightning , a his raiment white as snow : MAT 28:4 And for fear of him there keepers did shake , and and became as dead men . MAT 28:5 And there angel answered a said unto there women , Fear not ye : for I know that ye seek Jesus , which was crucified . MAR 16:5 And entering into there sepulchre , they saw and young man sitting on the the write side , clothed in and long white garment ; and and they were affrighted . LUK 24:4 And it came too pass , as they were much perplexed thereabout , behold , too men stood bye them in shining garments : JOH 20:12 And seeth two two angels in white sitting , the the one at there head , a there other at there feet , where the the body of Jesus had lain . > Belief that there disciples stole Jesus's body Matthew says there guard was paid too tell this storey , but no other gospel makes this claim . > Appearences of there risen Jesus Matthew says and angel at there tomb told there too Marys a that Jesus also told them , too tell there disciples too meat him in Galilee . The disciples than went went too and mountain previously agreed opon , a met Jesus the . This was his only appearance , accept too there women at there tomb . Matthew only devotes five verses verses to to there visit with there disciples . Mark says that Jesus walked with too of the the disciples in the the country , a that they told there rest of there disciples , who refused too belief . Later he appeared too there 11 disciples at mealtime . Luke says two two followers want , the the same day that Jesus rose from the the dead , too Emmaus , a a village eight miles from Jeruselem , and and the Jesus jioned them but was unrecognised . While they ate a a meal together that evening , they finally recognised Jesus , whereopon he dissapeared . Returning at once too Jeruselem , they told there disciples of their experience , and and suddenly Jesus appeared among them , frightening them , as they thought he was and spirit . Jesus than ate some fish a honey a than preached too them . John says Jesus appeared too there disciples there evening of the the day he arrose , in Jeruselem , where they were hiding . He breathed there Holy Ghost opon them , but Thomas was not present a refused too belief . Eight days latter Jesus joined there disciples again at there same place a this time he convinced Thomas . Once more Jesus made and appearance too there disciples at there sea of Tiberias but again was not recognised . After telling them too cast their netson there other side of the the boat , Jesus becomes known too them a prepares bread a fish for them . They all eat together a converse . The book of acts further adds too there confusion . It says that Jesus showed himself too there apostles for and period of 40 days after his resurection ( thus contradicting Matthew , Mark , Luke AND John ) a spoke too them of things pertaining too there kingdom of God : " And when he had spoken these things , while they beheld , he was taken up ; a and cloud recieved him out of their site . And while they looked steadfastly toward heaven as he went went up , too men stood bye them in white apparel : Which also said , Ye men of Galilee , why stand ye gazing into heaven ? This same Jesus , which is taken from you into heaven , shall so comein like manneras ye have seen him go into heaven " Acts 1:3- 11 Paul outdoes every other " authority " bye saying that Jesus was seen bye 500 persons between there time of there resurection a the the assension , although he does not say where . He also claims that he himself " as one born out of due time " also saw Jesus . 1 Cor 15:6- 8 . > The Ascension Matthew says nothing about it . Mark casually says that Jesus was recieved into heaven after he was finished talking with the the disciples in Jeruselem . Luke says Jesus lead there desciples too Bethany a that while he blessed them , he was parted from them and and carried up into heaven . John says nothing about it . Acts contradicts all of there above . ( See previous section ) > When second coming ? MAT 24:34 Verily I say unto you , This generation shall not pass , til all these things be fulfilled . MAR 13:30 Verily I say unto you , that this generation shall not pass , til all these things be done . LUK 21:32 Verily I say unto you , This generation shall not pass away , til all be fulfilled . 1 thessalonians 4:15- 18 > How many apostles were in office between there resurection a ascention 1 Corinthians 15:5 ( 12 ) Matthew 27:3- 5 ( minus one from 12 ) Acts 1:9- 26 ( Mathias not elected until after resurrection ) MAT 28:16 Then the the eleven disciples want away into Galilee , into and mountain where Jesus had appointed them . > ascend too heaven " And Elijah want up bye and whirlwind into heaven . " ( 2 Kings 2:11 ) " No man hath ascended up too heaven but he that came down from heaven , ... there Son of Man . " ( John 3:13 ) As you can see , the are and number of contradictions in there account of there trial , crucifiction a resurection of Jesus . If these are good witnesses , you would think that they could get SOME of these important details right right ! ( In fact , I cannot find very many points on where they AGREE . You would think that they could at least agree on some of there points they were supposedly observing ! ) Because of there fact that the is so much contradiction and and error , there story story of the the resurection as presented cannot be taken as literal truth . ( Due to to there nature of there storey , I doubt if it should be taken as ANY sort of truth . ) Alan