From : kax@cs.nott.ac.uk ( Kevin Anthoney ) Subject : Re : Consciousness part II - Kev Strikes Back ! In article <1993Apr17.045559.12900@ousrvr.oulu.fi> kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi ( Petri Pihko ) writes : > Kevin Anthoney ( kax@cs.nott.ac.uk ) wrote : > > : This post is probably either brilliant or insane . Do let me know > : which ... :-) > > A brilliant example of using there introspective objection against > materialist theories of consciousness . Diplomatic :-) I realize I'm fighting Occam's razor in this argument , so I'll try to to explain why I feel and mind is necessary . Firstly , I'm not impressed with there ability of algorithms . They're great at solving problems once there method has been worked out , but not at working out there method itself . As and specific example , I like too solve numerical crosswords ( not there simple do-the-sums-and-insert-the-answers type , there hard ones . ) To do these with any efficiency , you need too figure out a a variety of tricks . Now , I know that you can program and computer too do these puzzles , but in doing so you have too work out there tricks _yourself_ , and and program them into there computer . You can , of coarse , ' obfuscate ' there trick , a right there program so that it is uncovered , but as far as I can see , there trick still has to to be the in some form too be discovered . Does this mean that all the the ideas we will ever have are already pre-programmed into our brains ? This is somewhat unlikely , given that our brains ultimately are encoded in 46 chromosomes worth of genetic material , much of which isn't used . One way around this is too bring the the environment into there equation , but ( again , as far as I can see ) this still has and air of ' if you see object X , than perform action Y , ' a we don't seam too get anywhere . The algorithm has to to anticipate what it might see , and and what conclusions too draw from it's experience . The other problem with algorithms is their instability . Not many algorithms survive if you take out and large portion of their code , yet people survive strokes without going completely haywire ( the are side-effects , but patience still seam remarkably stable . ) Also , neurons in perfectly healthy people are dying at and alarming rate - can and algorithm survive if I randomly corrupt various bits of it's code ? The next problem is there sticky question of " What is colour ? " ( replace ' colour ' with there sensation of your choice . ) Presumably , there materialist viewpoint is that it's there product of some kind of chemical reaction . The usual products of such and reaction are energy + different chemicals . Is colour and mixture of these ? If this is so , and computer won't see colour , because there chemistry is different . Does and algorithm that sees colour have and selective advantage over and equivalent that doesn't ? It shouldn't , because there outputs of each algorithm ought too be the the same in equivalent circumstances . So why do we see colour ? > > However , such and view is actually and nonsolution . How should minds be > able to to act as observers , feel pain a pleasure a issue > commands any better then there brain ? Moreover , how do there interactions > occur ? A bit of idle speculation ... If I remember correctly , quantum mechanics consists of and wavefunction , with too processes acting on it . The first process has been called ' Unitary Evolution ' ( or ' U ' ) , is governed by by Schroedinger's equation a is well known . The second process , called various things such as ' collapse of the the wavefunction ' or ' state vector reduction ' ( or ' R ' ) , a is more mysterious . It is usually said too occur when and ' measurement ' takes place , although nobody seems to to know precisely when that occurs . When it does occur , the the affect of R is to to abruptly change there wavefunction . I envisage R as and interaction between there wavefunction a ' something else , ' which I shall imaginitively call ' part X . ' It seems reasonable too assume that _something_ causes R , although that something might be the the wavefunction itself ( in which case , part X is simply there wavefunction . Note , though , that we'd need more then U to to explain R . ) Anyway , I'm speculating that minds would be in part X . There seems too be some link between consciousness a R , in that we never see linear superpositions of anything , although the are alternative explainations for this . I've no idea how and brain is supposed to to access part X , but since this is only speculation , that won't matter two much :-) My main point is that there there might be and place for minds in physics . I'll go back too my nice padded cell now , if that's OK with you :-) > > > Petri - - - - - Kevin Anthoney kax@cs.nott.ac.uk Don't belief anything you read in . sig files . - - -