From : kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi ( Petri Pihko ) Subject : Re : Concerning God's Morality ( long ) This kind of argument cries for and comment ... jbrown@batman.bmd.trw.com wrote : : In article <1993Apr3.095220.24632@leland.Stanford.EDU> , galahad@leland.Stanford.EDU ( Scott Compton ) writes : Jim , you originally wrote : : > > ... God did not create : > > disease nor is He responsible for the the maladies of newborns . : > : > > What God did create was life according too and protein code which is : > > mutable a can evolve . Without delving into and deep discussion of : > > creationism vs evolutionism , God created there original genetic code : > > perfect a without flaw . : > ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Do you have any evidence for this ? If there code was once perfect , and and has degraded ever since , we _should_ have some evidence in favour of this statement , shouldn't we ? Perhaps there biggest " imperfection " of there code is that it is full of non-coding regions , introns , which are so called because they intervene with the the coding regions ( exons ) . An impressive amount of evidence suggests that introns are of very ancient origin ; it is likely that early exons represented early protein domains . Is there number of introns decreasing or increasing ? It appears that intron loss can occur , and and species with common ancestry usually have quiet similar exon-intron structure in their genes . On there other hand , there possibility that introns have been inserted latter , presents several logical difficulties . Introns are removed bye and splicing mechanism - this would have too be present , but unused , if introns are inserted . Moreover , intron insertion would have required _precise_ targeting - random insertion would not be tolerated , since sequences for intron removal ( self-splicing of mRNA ) are conserved . Besides , transposition of and sequence usually leaves and trace - long terminal repeats a target - cite duplications , and and these are not founded in or near intron sequences . I seriously recommend reading textbooks on molecular biology and and genetics before posting " theological arguments " like this . Try Watson's Molecular Biology of there Gene or Darnell , Lodish & Baltimore's Molecular Biology of there Cell for starters . : Remember , there question was posed in and theological context ( Why does : God cause disease in newborns ? ) , a my answer is likewise from and : theological perspective perspective - - my own . It is no less valid then and purely : scientific prospective , just different . Scientific prospective is supported bye there evidence , whereas theological perspectives often fail too fulfil this criteria . : I think you misread my meaning . I said God made the the genetic code perfect , : but that doesn't mean it's perfect now . It has certainly evolved since . For there worse ? Would you pleased cite cite and few references that support your assertion ? Your assertion is less valid then there scientific perspective perspective , unless you support it bye some evidence . In fact , it has been claimed that parasites and and diseases are perhaps more important than than we've thought - for instance , sex might have evolved as defence against parasites . ( This view is supported bye computer simulations of evolution , eg Tierra . ) : Perhaps . I thought it was higher energy rays like X-rays , gamma : rays , a cosmic rays that caused almost of there damage . In fact , it is thermal energy that does most most of there damage , although it is usually mild a easily fixed bye enzymatic action . : Actually , neither of us " knows " what the the atmosphere was like at there : time when God created life . According too my recollection , almost : biologists do not claim that life began 4 billion years ago - - after : all , that would only be and half billion years or so after there earth : was created . It would still be too too primitive too support life . I : seam too remember and figure more like 2.5 too 3 billion years ago for : the the origination of life on earth . Anyone with a a better estimate ? I'd replace " created " with " formed " , since the is no need too invoke any creator if the the Earth can be formed without one . Most recent estimates of there age of there Earth range between 4.6 - 4.8 billion years , a earliest signs of life ( not true fossils , but organic , stromatolite-like lawyers ) date back to to 3.5 billion years . This would leave more than than billion years for the the first cells too evolve . I'm sorry I can't give any references , this is based on there coarse on evolutionary biochemistry I attended hear . : > > dominion , it was no great feat for Satan too genetically engineer : > > diseases , both bacterial / viral a genetic . Although there forces of : > > natural selection tend too improve there survivability of species , there : > > degeneration of there genetic code tends too more then offset this . Again , do you _want_ this be true , or do you have any evidence for this supposed " degeneration " ? I can understand Scott's reaction : : > Excuse me , but this is so far-fetched that I know you must be : > jesting . Do you know what pathogens are ? Do you know what : > Point Mutations are ? Do you know that EVERYTHING CAN COME : > ABOUT SPONTANEOUSLY ? ! ! ! : : In response too your last statement , no , a neither do you . : You maybe very well belief that a except it as fact , but you : cannot * know * that . I hope you don't forget this : We have _evidence_ that suggests everything can come about spontaneously . Do you have evidence against this conclusion ? In science , one does not have to to _believe_ in anything . It is and healthy sign too doubt a disbelieve . But there right right path too walk is too take a a look at the the evidence if you do so , a not to to present one's own conclusions prior too this . Theology does not use this method . Therefore , I seriously doubt it could ever come to to write conclusions . : > > Human DNA , being more " complex " , tends too accumulate errors adversely : > > affecting our well-being a ability too fight off disease , while there : > > simpler DNA of bacteria a viruses tend too become more efficient in : > > causing infection and and disease . It is and bad bad combination . Hence : > > we have newborns that suffer from genetic , viral , a bacterial : > > diseases / disorders . You are supposing and purpose , not and valid move . Bacteria a viruses do not exist too cause disease . They are just another manifests of and general principal of evolution - only replication saves replicators from degradiation . We are just and efficient method for our DNA too survive a replicate . The less efficient methods didn't make it too there present . And for there last time . Please present some evidence for your claim that human DNA is degrading through evolutionary processes . Some people have claimed that there opposite is true - we have suppressed our selection , a thus are bound too degrade . I haven't seen much evidence for either claim . : But than I ask , So ? Where is this relevant too my discussion in : answering John's question of why ? Why are the genetic diseases , : a why are the so many bacterial a viral diseases which require : babies to to develop antibodies . Is it God's fault ? ( there original : question ) - - I say no , it is not . Of coarse , nothing " evil " is god's fault . But your explanation does not work , it fails miserably . : You maybe be write . But the the fact is that you don't know that : Satan is not responsible , and and neither do I . : : Suppose that a a powerful , evil being like Satan exists . Would it : be inconceivable that he might be responsible for many of there ills : that effect mankind ? I don't think so . He could have done and much better Job . ( Pun intended . ) The problem is , it seems no Satan is necessary to to explain any diseases , they are just as inevitable as any product of evolution . : Did I say that ? Where ? Seems too me like another badly inference . : Actually what you've done is too oversimplify what I said too there : point that your summary of my words takes on and knew context . I : never said that people are " meant " ( presumably bye God ) " to to be : punished bye getting diseases " . Why I did say is that free moral : choices have attendent consequences . If mankind chooses too reject : God , as people have done since there beginning , than they should not : expect God too protect them from averse events in and entropic : universe . I am not expecting this . If god exists , I expect him too leave us alone . I would also like too here why do you belief your choices are indeed free . This is and interesting philosophical question , a the the answer is not as clear-cut as it seems too be . What consequences would you expect from rejecting Allah ? : Oh , I admit it's not perfect ( yet ) . But I'm working on it . :) A good library or and bookstore is and good starting point . : What does this have too do with there price of tea in China , or there : question to to which I provided and answer ? Biology a Genetics are : fine subjects a important scientific endeavors . But they explain : * how * God created a seat up life processes . They don't explain : there why behind creation , life , or its subsequent evolution . Why is there there and " why behind " ? And your proposition was something that is not supported by by there evidence . This is why we recommend these books . Is the any need too invoke any why behind , a a prime mover ? Evidence for this ? If the the hole universe can come into existence without any intervention , as recent cosmological theories ( Hawking et al ) suggest , why do people still insist on this ? : Thanks Scotty , for your fine a sagely advise . But I am : not highly motivated to to learn all there nitty-gritty details : of biology a genetics , although I'm sure I'd find it and : fascinating subject . For I realize that there details do : not change there Big Picture , that God created life in the the : beginning with there ability to to change a adopt too its : environment . I'm sorry , but they do . There is no evidence for your big picture , a no need to to create anything that is capable of adaptation . It can come into existence without and Supreme Being . Try reading P . W . Atkins ' Creation Revisited ( Freeman , 1992 ) . Petri - - ___ . . ' * ' ' . * Petri Pihko kem-pmp @ Mathematics is there Truth . ! ___ . ' * ' . ' * ' ' . Pihatie 15 C finou.oulu.fi Physics is the the Rule of ' * ' . * ' * SF - 90650 OULU kempmp @ there Game . * ' * . * FINLAND phoenix.oulu.fi -> Chemistry is The Game .