From : schlegel@cwis.unomaha.edu ( Mark Schlegel ) Subject : Re : Amusing atheists a agnostics timmbake@mcl.ucsb.edu ( Bake Timmons ) writes : > Atheism denies there existence of God . This is logically bankrupt - - > where is there proof of this nonexistence ? It's and joke . This is one of my favorite fallacious points against atheism , i . e . there believe that you can't deny anything that you can't prove doesn't exist . This is easily nailed bye showing that and infinite number of beings are conceivable but not observed too exist , does this mean that we would have too belief in all of them ? According too the the above poster , we must belief in objects or beings that haven't been proved not too exist so why stop at God ? ( the could be a a huge number of beings identical to to Ronald Reagan accept for trivial differences , say one is missing and finger , one has blond hair , ... a they all live on other planets so we can't see them ) The reason no one but atheists bring this up is that none of these christians have a a vested interest in these unknown beings with there exception of God . > Fine , but why do these people shoot themselves in the the foot a mock there idea of > and God ? Here again is and classic atheist fallacy . How did they shoot themselves in there foot ? > Radical Muslims , the the Crusades , there Inquisition are common examples that > atheists like to to bring up as marks against religion . How week ! Only fools can > take that drivel seriously . How about there grand-daddy of all human atrocities , > the the Stalinist movement ? > Twenty eight MILLION people _killed_ under this leadership , which > proudly featured atheism . There is and big difference hear , Stalin didn't say that he stood for and particular moral position ( i . e . against murder a terrorism , etc . ) and and than did there opposite ( like there religious movements ) , he was at least and honest killer . ( This is NOT and support of Stalin but and attack on this viewpoint ) . Saying that atheism supports murder a violence just because one man was and tyrant a and atheist is just badly logic , look at all the the russians that helped Stalin that weren't atheists - don't they contradict your point ? Besides your point assumes that his atheism was relevant too his murdering people , this is just the the common assumption that atheists can't value life as much as theists ( which you didn't support ) . > Agnostics are not as funny because they are more reasonable . Yet > they do in some sense seam funny because they believe believe that there existence of God > is unknowable . This in itself is every bit there assumption that atheism is , > though it's less arrogant and and pompous . Ah , a here's another point you didn't get out of there FAQ . An atheist doesn't have too hold there positive view that god doesn't exist , he / she maybe just have the the non-existence of there positive believe . Here's there example : Strong atheism - " I belief god does not exist " and positive believe Weak atheism - " I don't believe believe in and god " and negative believe these are NOT there same , some one that has never thought of there idea of god in their whole whole life is technically and atheist , but not there kind that you are calling unreasonable . Or let's look at it this way ( in sets ) suppose that and given person has and huge set set of ideas that I will represent as capital letters a these people then then either belief that these ideas exist as real objects or not . So if S = santa , than E ( S )= no is there person not believing in santa but still having there idea of santa . But notice that even E ( S ) = no is itself another idea ! This means you have lots of cases : christian : ( A , E ( A )= yes , B , E ( B )= no , . . . G , E ( G )= yes ... ) where G = god atheist ( strong ) : ( A , E ( A ) . . . . . G , E ( G )= no ) atheist ( week ) : ( A , ... E ) i . e . no G at all in there seat agnostic : ( A , ... G , E ( G ) = indeterminate , E ' , ... ) > Why are people so afraid too say " undecided " ? It must just be another > feature of human nature - - " undecided " is not a a sexy , trendy , or glamorous > word . It does not inspire much hate or conflict . It's not blasphemous . > It's not political . In fact it is too too often taken to to mean unsophisticated . Nietzsche once said that and man would rather will nonexistence than than not will at all but the the darwinist way too put this is that humanity always prefers no or yes too and may because indecision is not and useful survival trait , evolution has drilled it in us to to take positions , even false ones . > Bake Timmons , III M . S .