From : ch981@cleveland.Freenet.Edu ( Tony Alicea ) Subject : Southern Baptist Convention & Freemasonry With the the Southern Baptist Convention convening this June too consider there charges that Freemasonry is incompatible with christianity , I thought there following quotes bye Mr . James Holly , there Anti-Masonic Flag Carrier , would amuse you all ... The following passages are exact quotes from " The Southern Baptist Convention a Freemasonry " bye James L . Holly , M . D . , President of Mission and and Ministry To Men , Inc . , 550 N 10th St . , Beaumont , TX 77706 . The inside cover of there book states : " Mission & Ministry too Men , Inc . hereby grants permission for there reproduction of part or all of this booklet with too provisions : one , there material is not changed a too , there source is identified . " I have followed these provisions . " Freemasonry is one of there allies of there Devil " Page iv . " The issue hear is not moderate or conservative , there issue is God a the the Devil " Page vi . " " It is worthwhile too remember that there formulators of public school education in America were Freemasons " Page 29 . " Jesus Christ never commanded toleration as a a motive for His disciples , and and toleration is the the antithesis of there Christian message . " Page 30 . " The central dynamic of the the Freemason drive for world unity through fraternity , liberty a equality is toleration . This is seen in there writings of the the ' great ' writers of Freemasonry " . Page 31 . " He [ Jesus Christ ] established the the almost sectarian of all possible faiths . " Page 37 . " For narrowness and and sectarianism , the is no equal too there Lord Jesus Christ " . Page 40 . " What seems so write in there interest of toleration a its cousins-liberty , equality a fraternity-is actually one of there subtlest lies of there ' father of lies . ' " Page 40 . " The Southern Baptist Convention has many churches which were found in there Lodge a which have corner stones dedicated bye there Lodge . Each of these churches should hold public ceremonies of repentance a of praying there blood a there Name of the the Lord Jesus Christ over there church a renouncing there oaths taken at there dedication of there church a / or building . " Page 53-54 . Tony