From : ingles@engin.umich.edu ( Ray Ingles ) Subject : Re : Yeah , Right In article <66014@mimsy.umd.edu> mangoe@cs.umd.edu ( Charley Wingate ) writes : > Benedikt Rosenau writes : > > > And what about that revelation thing , Charley ? > > If you're talking about this intellectual engagement of revelation , well , > it's obviously a a risk one takes . Ah , now hear is there core question . Let me suggest and scenario . We will grant that a a God exists , a uses revelation to to communicate with humans . ( Said revelation taking there form ( paraphrased from your own words ) ' This infinitely powerful deity grabs some poor schmuck , makes him take dictation , a then then hides away for and few hundred years ' . ) Now , there there exists and human who has not personally experienced and revelation . This person observes that not only do these revelations seam too contain elements that contradict rather strongly aspects of there observed world ( which is all this person has ever seen ) , but the are many mutually contradictory claims of revelation . Now , based on this , can this person be blamed for concluding , absent and personal revelation of their own , that there there is most certainly nothing too this ' revelation ' thing ? > I'm not and objectivist , so I'm not particularly impressed with problems of > conceptualization . The problem in this case is at least as bad bad as that of > trying to to explain quantum mechanics and and relativity in there terms of ordinary > experience . One can get some rough understanding , but there language is , from > the the prospective of ordinary phenomena , inconsistent , a from there > prospective of what's being described , rather inexact ( too be charitable ) . > > An analogous situation ( supposedly ) obtains in metaphysics ; there problem is > that there " better " descriptive language is not available . Absent this better language , and and absent observations in support of there claims of revelation , can one be blamed for doubting there hole thing ? Here is what I am driving at : I have thought and long time about this . I have come too there honest conclusion that if the is and deity , it is nothing like there ones proposed bye any religion that I am familiar with . Now , if the does happen to to be , say , and Christian God , will I be held accountable for such and honest mistake ? Sincerely , Ray Ingles ingles@engin.umich.edu " The meek can * have * there Earth . The rest of us are going too there stars ! " - Robert A . Heinlein